The Japanese National High School Volleyball Tournament Miyagi Qualifiers First Preliminaries
No Shoes Allowed
The Japanese National High School Volleyball Tournament Program
The Japanese National High School Volleyball Tournament
Can I get a copy?
Yes.
Go, go, Tebaichi! Push it, push it, Tebaichi!
That's them. You know, Karasuno.
Karasuno?
They're the ones that played a full set with Aoba Johsai at the Inter-High prelims
and actually almost beat them.
Whoa, seriously?
Apparently, Kitagawa Daiichi's King of the Court is on that team.
When does the judging start?
Apparently Chidoriyama Junior High's Nishinoya is also there, too.
Probably the next one, since we don't have a match this round.
The guy who was called the best libero when we were in junior high?
Yeah. But other than the libero,
I think there was one other guy who kept receiving Oikawa's serves.
I think it's their captain.
But the members of Karasuno don't really seem that tall, do they?
I'm pretty sure one of them is close to 190 cm,
though I don't think he stood out much during the Inter-High prelims.
Not to mention, their two lefts are pretty scary.
They look like power spikers.
And most importantly...
Their manager's cute.
I'm sorry that you have to cheer from up above, Hitoka-chan.
Or rather, she's hot. Or rather, she's sexy!
Also, there's that one guy...
The tiny middle blocker that hits those crazy quicks...
Karasuno's #10!
Whoa, what the heck? He looks like he's skin and bones!
H-Hinata, are you okay?
Yep, I'm fine.
I threw up on the way here, so I feel better.
Of course you'd feel sick after eating all those pork bowls for breakfast.
It's normal to eat pork cutlets on game days!
And by "normal," you mean...
You dumbass! Hinata, you stupid dumbass!
Kageyama's insult vocabulary is limited to "dumbass."
I-I'll do my best to widen my vocabulary!
I have that one thing you can drink!
I-I feel like I'm going to puke, too, after remembering Hinata puking...
Oh, thanks!
Huh?
Go to the bathroom, already!
M-My nerves are getting to me, too...
I thought you were busy concentrating, but you were actually trying not to puke?!
Shoyo, is this seriously the second time you threw up on the bus?
You were able to actually hold it in until the bus stopped,
instead of puking on someone's crotch.
You've really grown up, Hinata.
Is that really the team that almost beat Seijoh?
Shoyo!
Haikyu!!
Karasuno Tebaichi Ohgi Minami
Episode 12: "Let the Games Begin!"
Bathroom, bathroom, bathroom, bathroom!
The time to pee has come!
Bathroom, bathroom... Ow. Oh, I'm sorry...
The hell are you looking?!
I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
He's from...
Ohgi Minami?
That's the team we're playing first.
They won their first match already.
Hm? Oh, you're just a junior high kid.
Huh?
Hey, sorry for yelling at you.
You here to cheer your big brother on, or something?
My little brother loves that T-shirt, too.
I... I'm first-year at Karasuno High School, Hinata Shoyo.
We're going to win, and go to nationals!
What? Karasuno?
Don't make going to nationals sound so easy.
Huh? But I mean it.
Shut up, you little—
I'm gonna beat everyone, and go to Tokyo.
Even if you were somehow lucky enough to keep winning,
everyone just gets crushed by Shiratorizawa in the end.
Huh?
Let's at least make some good memories.
Higashida
The previous match is over.
Let's go!
Yeah!
Fly Shut up, morons.
Looks like Ohgi Minami's a team full of punks.
Did that really come out of your mouth?
Stop making that face.
Nice kill!
Your shaved head is seriously lame.
Seriously, like seriously, seriously...
I'm going forth. Let us play a good game.
Take this, damn it!
Put Your Heart Into It Nice kill!
Thank you for that opportunity.
Nice kill!
Power at Full Throttle! Pick Up the Ball and Win!
Everyone on Karasuno has really high attack power.
Ohgi Minami         Karasuno
Fly
The spring tournament... Karasuno's battle...
Let's play!
...is about to start!
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Kaji!
Listen up.
All of their third-years are already gone,
but their power has always been with their second-years.
They also just won straight through the first round.
Don't let your guard down!
Make sure you're especially cautious of their #1 on the left!
Right!
Since the Inter-High prelims ended,
you've taken on unfamiliar challenges and you haven't been in sync.
On top of that, you've lost about seventy practice games
against the powerhouse schools from Kanto.
But your new weapons that kept failing at first are finally starting to take shape.
Please get a win that makes up for all of the frustration you felt.
There is No Victory Without Effort One Heart Right!
All right!
Karasuno, fight!
Yeah... Yeah!
Oh? So you came to watch the game, too,
Ukai-sensei?
Yeah.
I guess that is your precious grandson's team.
That's got nothing to do with it!
Ukai? Grandson?
You're from Karasuno, too, right?
What are you doing up here?
Th-There's only one manager allowed on the bench.
You didn't know that?
Oh.
Ah, there's Sho-chan!
I actually just saw them play the other day, Oh, yeah!
but they have an intense first-year duo.
Sho-chan? Oh, you mean Hinata.
Karasuno might actually make it pretty far this year.
There's no match that you can't win,
and there's no match that you'll win for sure.
You can feel a little off, nervous, or panic...
No matter how strong the school, their team members are human.
Even the slightest thing can trip someone up.
Now... let's see how Karasuno will do today.
Asahi-san, nice serve!
All right!
Yay! That was amazing!
Starting with a no-touch ace.
Not bad.
All right...
Let's go!
Ohgi Minami           Karasuno
He changed it up to a tip.
Daichi-san, nice!
S-So fast! It's like he was waiting for it!
I feel like I can see the spiker's movements better than before.
Asahi-san!
Ever since the first round,
Ougi Minami hasn't been doing quicks any time the receives were a bit off.
Left.
Tazawa-san!
All right!
Nice, Tsukishima!
How do I put this...
It seems like everyone is hesitating less in their movements.
It wasn't like they were just practicing their new moves at the training camp.
They had plenty of practice against All right!
powerhouse schools that were all completely different.
Nice receive!
The power behind their serves and spikes...
the diversity in their attacks... their defense...
Basically anything high-level...
They've gotten used to it...
Far more than before.
All right!
Damn it...
Nice, Kageyama!
Another service ace!
Thanks!
Now it's a set point.
Ohgi Minami
To think that we ended up against a team this strong so early on again...
Shiratorizawa!
Shiratorizawa                Ohgi Minami
Ushijima! Ushijima!
Come on! We still have a chance!
Let's get hyped up!
Where's your usual enthusiasm?!
Yeah, that right there! Bring that enthusiasm!
The captain's voice was all raspy Let's get one!
because he was trying to talk over Shiratorizawa's cheers.
It's up! Towada!
Even if I went after it, I wouldn't be able to reach it.
Even if I could reach it,
there's no guarantee that someone would connect next and be able to score.
Even if it did connect, it'd only get us one measly point.
There's no point going after it...
Ohgi Minami High School
Hey, don't look so glum!
You guys look even scarier.
You guys were seriously some problem children,
but if you guys weren't here,
we wouldn't have been able to have any matches.
So thanks.
You guys have the bodies and sense for this, so keep doing your best!
All right!
Ohgi Minami         Karasuno
Yay!
Sho-chan, that was awesome! He jumped sideways!
Damn...
I'm gonna beat everyone, and go to Tokyo.
So he wasn't just trying to sound tough back there...
He really means that he's going to try to do that.
With that tiny little body, he's going to try to defeat Ushiwaka.
All right!
Ohgi Minami L-Let's keep doing our best!
Winning or losing doesn't matter.
What's more important is that you guys do your best.
Hey! Damn it!
Don't get all quiet!
C-Captain Akki-kun!
You guys are so tough when it comes to fighting,
but why is it you get so weak when it comes to volleyball?
Weak?!
I-It doesn't matter how strong you are.
I'm on the second floor, so I'm not scared!
Why did he even come?
You guys get just a little pushback, and then you give up.
That's what I mean by weak.
This is your fight, so how you handle it is up to you guys.
But let me just say this...
Being serious, giving your all, and doing your best...
None of that's lame!
What the? Scary... Senpai, did you lose your mind?
Sensei!
Yes?
You know, since we came here to fight each other on the opposite sides of the net,
I don't think we have any other option than to win and continue on.
Trying to act tough and worrying more about how we look
is pretty lame.
Towada... All right, I'm gonna say it.
What?
We're going to beat Karasuno!
We're gonna get through the prelims!
We're going to fight Shiratorizawa!
All right!
You actually just said that!
Well said, big mouth!
So we're gonna try to beat Shiratorizawa?
Bring it on, then!
We're seriously going to win, guys!
Yeah!
Challenge accepted!
Haikyu!!
Fly
All right!
Karasuno Ohgi Minami Yeah!
Yay!
Nice, Hinata!
He did it again!
That first-year duo really is something.
Yeah.
But the second and third-years are far beyond my expectations, too.
Right now, Karasuno is on the brink of revival,
thanks in great part to their passionate advisor and newfound strength.
But that's all because they have a sturdy foundation.
Foundation?
Last year, just for a short time, I came to see a practice at Karasuno.
At the time, they had the ability and dedication.
However, I felt a lack a confidence in them.
It's like they were subconsciously used to losing.
They don't look like that now.
When the current third-years came to Karasuno,
Monthly Volleyball
it was right around the time where Karasuno being a powerhouse school
became a thing of the past.
I'm sure the gap between their expectations and reality was pretty big.
They were probably around during the worst time.
That's exactly why...
The ones who didn't rot and didn't give up,
and are still here now, have an unwavering strength.
Daichi-san, nice receive!
All right!
Amazing! So amazing!
Karasuno        Ohgi Minami
Whoa. There's a 10-point difference.
All right, let's keep this up to the end!
Damn it, they're strong.
Yeah!
W-We still have a chance! Keep it up!
One more, Kageyama!
All right!
Kageyama's serves are sharp as hell.
Yeah.
Karasuno              Ohgi Minami
And now we're at match point.
Every single time... We get cornered on the court,
and I always regret how much we didn't practice.
One more, Kageyama! Nice serve!
It looks like Karasuno and Ougi Minami's match
is gonna end faster than I thought, so let's get ready for the next match.
Yeah. Games sure go fast when there's such a difference in ability.
It's not over yet! Don't give up!
I might just make it...
Or will I not?
Well, we're still second-years,
so I guess we'll have next year...
And that's why you never get any stronger, damn it!
Connect and finish it!
Damn it!
Tanaka-san!
It's not over yet!
Give me the last one!
I definitely underestimated him.
I thought it was stupid for him to think he'd make it to nationals.
I'm...
a fool.
All right!
Yay? Did we win?
We won!
So cool!
All right!
They made it through their first set.
Karasuno Ohgi Minami Thank you very much!
Ohgi Minami
Great job! You guys fought until the end!
Yeah.
Just so you know, frustration is the right thing to be feeling right now.
No matter what the fight is,
when you lose, it's only natural to be frustrated.
I'd go as far as saying even guys who don't practice much
probably feel frustrated when they lose a game.
I think frustration is real for anyone.
But...
Those who forget that frustration after three days will always be weak.
If you waste time
during your three years in high school, time will completely fly by.
Don't you dare forget the frustration you're feeling right now!
W-Well, see ya.
I'll come see you guys next year, too, so do your best!
Captain!
Th-Thank you very much!
Thanks!
#4! #4!
Nice receive!
This seriously messes with your depth perception.
I just stood next to him in the hallway and he was huge!
Well, yeah! He's two meters tall!
That's creepy!
It's a weapon... His height is a weapon...
Tanaka looks good with a banana.
Nishida              Kakugawa
Thank you very much!
I guess we know who we're playing next.
Karasuno Tebaichi Ohgi Minami Nishida Kakugawa
If we win the next game, we'll get through the prelims
and continue on to the qualifiers in October.
No Shoes Allowed
We're gonna get through no matter what!
Yeah!
So it really is over just by losing once...
And yet...
That guy is two meters!
Two meters is super huge!
201 centimeters and 162 centimeters, huh...
I'm 163 if you round up!
201 centimeters and 162 centimeters...
There's a 40 centimeter difference.
Listen!
F-Forty centimeters is the same size as Ketty-chan.
That's not that big!
Is that an attempt to cheer him up?
Tekachu is also 40 centimeters.
Note: Fujikujira sounds like a type of whale.
So is a fujikujira.
F-Fujikujira?
What's that?
It's a kind of shark.
Oh... You're so smart, Tsukki!
Fly I... want to combine with that shark.
What?
If I combined with a fujikujira, I'd be two meters tall...
Hey, what are you talking about?
Are you really scared?
Huh?
Let's go!
All right!
H-He really seemed to want to combine with that Etmopterus lucifer,
but I wonder if Hinata will be okay... Oh, yeah...
I'm sure he'll be fine even if he's like that before a match.
R-Right?!
Well, it's finally about to start.
But they're going up against someone that big.
No, no. That has nothing to do with how Karasuno is right now.
Right, Ukai-sensei?
Well, who knows?
Wha... Fly
High school boys haven't finished growing yet,
and their plays aren't complete.
That's why a match can be decided
just by how tall someone is or if a team has an amazing ace.
Hurry up, Hinata.
B-But... R-Right!
Height, by itself, is a weapon in its own right.
Seeing how Karasuno will deal with it...
Let's go.
Right!
...will definitely be worth watching.
So a fujikujira is a kind of shark, huh?
There are a lot of fish with confusing names.
For example, a kinmedai might sound like it's related to sea bream, but it's a tropical fish.
You really know a lot about fish, Tsukki.
Shut up, Yamaguchi.
Sorry, Tsukki!
Episode 13: "A Simple and Pure Strength"
Next time on Haikyu!!: "A Simple and Pure Strength."